Hi I am Xiaoying, today I bought 0.5 kg shrimp
We will cook with it
Use a toothpick, and take out the shrimp intestine
A stab from the second joint and you can remove it easily
like him
Cut shrimp and beard feet
Wash it with water
Dry the water and put it in the bowl
Add two spoons of cooking wine, and mix well
Rest for 15 minutes
During this time let's make a side dish
Use cauliflower
Tear one by one, like this
Wash and dry it
Put in a bowl
Use peeled lotus root
Cut it into a thick slice
Soaking the lotus root in water
So it will not turn black
Use peeled potatoes
Soaking potatoes in water
So it will not turn black
Use half of the onions, dice
Put them in the bowl
Use some celery, and cut it
And placed in the bowl
Slice of green onion and ginger
And garlic slice
Put it in a bowl, add some dry chili
Put them aside
Pour more oil into the bowl
Even the oil temperature is 50% hot
There will be small bubbles when placing chopsticks
We put the shrimp in the bowl
Fry for three minutes
Fry until the surface is golden in color
And shrimp oil comes out
The oil has become red, like this
Take it out, dry the oil, and put it in the bowl
Put cauliflower in the bowl,
Fry with a small heat for 1 minute
Cauliflower becomes green
Take it
Fry the lotus root for 3 minutes
Fry until it changes color, take it out
And fry potatoes for 3 minutes
Fry until yellow
Take it
Leave some oil in the bowl
Fry dry chili, ginger, green onion and garlic
Add a piece of hot season pot
One tablespoon of soybean paste
Fry with a small heat
Fry shrimp in a saucepan
Fry evenly
Add one tablespoon of soy sauce
One cooking wine
Keep frying
Then add the lotus root, potato, cauliflower, celery and onion
Fry with high hearing
Until the celery is tender
Fry for another two minutes
You can smell onions, it's done
Done
Place it in a large plate
Very good smell
Add some sesame leaves and coriander
This delicious shrimp bowl is made
Spicy and fresh taste
Very delicious
All vegetables suck soup
Very tasty and fresh
I prefer vegetables here than shrimp
When you have a guest at home, you can cook this
It is a good dish to treat your guest
Try it if you like it
Subscribe to me if you like my video
thanks for your support